hi there my name is Cory luckner I'm
with first class medical and today I'm
gonna show you how to unpack and get
your engine 1g2 ready for use
to start off we have this little box on
the top of your your big box that will
come with the g2 this will carry your AC
power supply your DC power supply your
battery this could be a 12 server 24/7
be 24 so you big your battery and you
have your Energon 1g2 manual if there's
anything in here that you can't find or
if it's too confusing just give us a
call we do have live technicians on call
that can help you with any questions
that you may have when you're going
deeper into this box you will then find
the g2 on the bottom that is its little
unit right here underneath that you have
your custom carrying case which will
carry any accessory in the pocket here
on the front the GT will actually go
into here with the on the g2 you'll
actually be able to use the g2 and do
this little clip case canula will
actually come right out of here this is
your cart the traveling car doesn't need
to be used with the unit itself since it
is a very lightweight portable
concentrator it does have tell stop it
telescopic handle just push the button
in pull up the cart just like a CJ it's
very simple
actual carry case here will actually
when it's as the unit in it go right
over the handle here by just allowing
this to just go right over here
when on the g2 will be in the case and
it'll just be on just like this allow
you to travel with it very easily you
can EULA will go right into here that's
your tubing the filter on this unit is
actually a little different just like
the gross particle filters just pops
right out
washes out with water and so once again
every recommended their views or washing
with water soap every week to two weeks
of use will go right back in here very
easily ac/dc power spike goes right into
the back once again most of all pulls
flow concentrators you can use them in
the wall in a car and charge them at the
same time the battery just slides right
on the bottom just like this will make a
little click noise you'll hear the unit
beep letting you know that the battery
is in very simple to use and that's
that's everything that comes with the
travel package of the Inogen one g2
there are additional accessories that
you can purchase such as external
battery chargers but the other naptha
you have any other questions just give
us a call at one eight hundred five two
zero five seven two six and you can talk
to any of our respiratory specialists or
technicians either one can assist you
thank you